So this is your scavenger hunt now for
these objects.
From the spiceGirls object, how can
we retrieve these different values?
The string Girl Power,
the object that represents
Ginger Spice aka Geri Halliwell,
the string Spiceworld and
the string Victoria.
So let's take a moment,
I'm going to split screen things,
so that we can see them
both at the same time.
And this is your mission,
should you choose to accept it.
So we have our spices array, and
we have our Spice Girls object.
And the question is, from the Spice Girls
objects, so starting with Spice Girls dot,
what do we need to type to
retrieve each of those things?
Let's take a moment to try it out and
we'll come back and talk about it.
All righty, so let's talk about it.
How can I get the string Girl Power?
This one is maybe it's something
that we've done a couple of times,
something similar we've done.
So I'm gonna start with spiceGirls and
then what do I type?
Who can walk me through it, Paul?
>> .motto.
>> spiceGirls.motto, Girl Power, exactly.
Let me collapse this so
it's not so much in our way.
So because we had our
spiceGirls object and
it had this motto property with
a string value Girl Power.
Great, okay, how about the object
representing Ginger Spice?
So what I mean by this is
this object right here,
the second object in the spices array.
How can I access that one, OJ?
>> Spices and then one and
square brackets.
Okay, so I could do spices [1], but
how can I access it from
the Spice Girls object?
>> SpiceGirls.members dot, and then one.
>> SpiceGirls.members [1], exactly.
So importantly let's keep in mind
that this Spices variable and
spiceGirls.members both
point to the same array.
So remember what we talked about earlier,
if we were to change one
we would be changing both.
All right,
what about the string Spiceworld?
So this is, it's their second album.
How do we get the name
of their second album?
Jason, you wanna walk us through this one?
>> The spiceGirls.albums and
that's at index [1].
>> Yeah, so similar.
In this case, we have two different arrays
stored in different properties on our
Spice Girls object.
We have one that's got objects and
one that's got strings.
Okay, now how about
the string Victoria which,
perhaps the most famous spice
is the name of Posh Spice
who is the last Spice in
our Spices array [LAUGH].
So how can we get out Posh Spice's name?
Yeah, Cheu.
>> SpiceGirls.members index [4].
>> [LAUGH] So yes, exactly, thank you.
Because spiceGirls.members
[4] is an object,
we can even use the dot
after those square brackets
to pull out a particular
property of that object.
So the point here, excellent work finding
all of these things in the scavenger hunt,
in the Spice scavenger hunt.
The point here is that we can kind of mix
and match this syntax or these, symbols,
these dots and brackets and things like
that, to dig into these nested objects or
these complex objects that have arrays
within objects, within arrays, etc.
So we can use our dots and our brackets
to access the things that we need.